[ add ] `style-guide` recommendation preferring `contradiction` over `⊥-elim` (#2798)
agda/agda-stdlib: doc/style-guide.md

systematic for `Nary` relations in PR
[#811](https://github.com/agda/agda-stdlib/pull/811)

## Prefer use of `Relation.Nullary.Negation.Core.contradiction`

> Where possible, `contradiction`, as a higher-level encapsulated abstraction,
> is to be preferred over direct appeal to `Data.Empty.⊥-elim`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where possible use `contradiction` between two explicit arguments rather than appealing to the lower-level
`Data.Empty.⊥-elim`. This provides clearer documentation for readers of the code.
```
